h1. Malt

An asynchronous JavaScript dependency management library.

h2. Features

 * JavaScript files are loaded asynchronously via XHR
 * Preserves execution order of scripts
 * Prevents multiple includes of the same file
 * Can declare modules / aliases for groups of resources
 * Supports multiple file types:
  ** JavaScript
  ** Images (which become preloaded)
  ** Stylesheets
 
h2. Usage

NOTE: See tests.js for live examples.

h3. Single file

If you have a block of code that depends on a single JavaScript file.

<pre>
<code>
Malt.require('js/sammy.js', function() {
  // execute this block once files are loaded
});
</code>
</pre>

h3. Multiple files

If you have a block of code that depends on multiple JavaScript files.

<pre>
<code>
Malt.require('js/sammy.js', 'js/cufon.js', function() {
  // execute this block once files are loaded
});
</code>
</pre>

h3. Multiple file types

You can require multiple file types, including image files and css.

<pre>
<code>
Malt.require('js/facebox.js', 'css/facebox.css', function() {
  // execute this block once files are loaded
});
</code>
</pre>

h3. Modules

You can declare modules/aliases for groups of resources.

<pre>
<code>
Malt.module('facebox', 'js/facebox.js', 'css/facebox.css', function() {
  // initialize facebox
});

Malt.require('facebox', function() {
  // execute after all resources loaded, initialized
});
</code>
</pre>

h3. Nested module dependencies

<pre>
<code>
Malt.module('package1', 'a.js', 'b.js');
Malt.module('package2', 'package1', 'c.js');

Malt.require('package2', function() {
  // executes when a.js, b.js and c.js have all been loaded
});
</code>
</pre>

h2. License

MIT License. See LICENSE for more information.

Malt includes code originally created by Steve Souders ("asynchronous script loading":http://stevesouders.com/efws/links.php?ex#Chapter4).